for
ah
[__] OBS likes to shut down every 3
to four hours that it's up I
think we're
good we're good we're fine
yeah how you doing boy
yeah you all right there
boy
what
yeah e this
boy sugar CBE
[Music]
it might be below freezing outside just
opening my
[Music]
window what Violet era would Arthur like
the
most uh is an era that hasn't come out
yet but will one
day probably
okay
boy as I said in the past I do plan on
doing a what the same hell is with you
nothing I do play a do a country project
will somebody help me
out I was in the
Army hello
mister Hey
brother can I get Buck
Mister
oh
sure thank you oh thank you mister I
work hard bu a slave all right
okay what
keep it
moving
yeah still
not am I now
oh I sorry I know what you
mean there I
forgot huh
[Music]
okay don't make me for that
150 come
on good boy
get some
rest
parner howy
partner howdy new in town snake oil you
have no idea the trouble I had to go
through to get that if you're going to
want to stay sharp I should have a stock
available look in my
catalog let's have a look in
here okay
okay do not put your dog down simply
because you did not order the correct
dog remedies
you know Valentine seen its fair share
of famous
gunslingers my cousin Jim got into some
scrapes here back in the day thank you
this should
help let me
on thanks
partner don't you go start any more [__]
around here
sorry you must be talking about someone
else watch
it Hello darling
[Music]
welcome back Mister got everything you
need have a
look now let's have a look
it's all
yours good doing business with
you cheese
wedge appreciate
it all right
thank
you what
buty old Pal doesn't want me to buy
anything trillby
hat careful playing cards in this town
some real cheaters around here
here Pome
hat Valentine's been a rough kind of
town as long long as I can
remember yes
bro seem to have your eye on that
no I sell out of that pretty
fast and that should be
good
meowers thank you
really hello there good
evening you good for nothing sh you
bastard I ain't hearing no more of this
I've won that game fair and
square [__] fair and square my
ass me Fair why you let your pistol do
the talking by
me you're
move hello
there come
on you got this who else wants some
huh who
else yeah that's what I
thought how about you chicken [__] bet
you couldn't hit me with a shotgun from
two steps away all right loud mouth
let's see how good you really are well
let's get to it then
and there we
goam who's got mes feed huh give him one
of these ribs just watch him grow
welcome back something slip your mind
before women are
back I've heard look
fantastic
unbel thanks Mis Beef Pork Von all right
here folks do this
like why why do
that what are you proving by dying
I'm going to attempt to go to the church
cuz it's been closed every single
time the lights are on
[Music]
now
relax
huh still can't go in
maybe it has to be a
Sunday it doesn't tell me what day
is time to go boy
I forgot I was going to use
that out of the
[Music]
way you're a good
boy how you doing friend
welcome
back oh it's uh you yes it is last time
I checked I I really don't need any more
trouble I didn't come to make any I was
just protecting a lady well all behind
us now I suppose so what is it you need
a bath perhaps
yeah I think he's like still slightly
covered in blood he looks
muy or maybe that's just cuz it's
him all right bath gameplay everyone you
ready you ready for this [__] this
shit's
crazy would you like some extra help
there
n I'm good thank
you all right I'll leave you to it
then he looks so pleased use The
Smiler I forgot to scrub leg
this one one
upstairs like it's the one
upstairs doing little upstairs in okay
that's someone else's room
there you go you got it
[Music]
hor okay
fell where
where going to go there and then
go it's my boy
well
then walk in front of
me morning
friend
Mister so you heard anything about any
uh bounty hunters in these Parks oh
sorry no
idea what are you waiting for what's up
with that horse [__] C possessed you cry
about it cry about it cry about it
[Music]
that's good
boy I wonder if you can climb onto the
Roes of these buildings you holding up
okay hey mister
morning morning
[Music]
easy
boy trains make him
anxious I gotes to
be just walked into town
yeah that's my
boy
[Music]
good you okay boy
yep how you doing boy
[Music]
there boy oil oil oil
he was beating on me day I had no choice
talk all you want Lady it won't make no
difference prison transport keep
clear this isn't right let me out of
here it work my fault I don't deserve be
locked up like we haven't heard that
before come on please let me boys best
be keeping him entertained back there
boo now you've used up my patience oh
just shut shut up shut up the hell do
you you're
doing let's let's give this a
war who wants the woman stop them yes
child please please don't leave me in
here
thank God for
that I have no money to repay you but I
do have some information that might suit
your skill set my husband may he R told
me about a shack somewhere in north of
Roads apparently it's a Gathering Place
for low lives okay thank you really I
I'll be on my way sure sure but you got
a high tail trust
me I was afraid that guy was going to
start snitching guys the bow is the bow
is
like the bow is
op I have my bat got my arrow
back okay guess I'm staying on
him guys the bow is
op it was silent Bo it was silent guys
the bow is op
guys archery is the
way oh yeah there's still this e
there that one has flies move
on so this is the
way there we go
[Music]
the bow the quick
bow the quick
draw easy boy good boy
hold
easy no don't like to look at
you hey you what do you want Howdy You
Granger that's my name in my occupation
too if you hadn't noticed weren always
like that though wor you used to be a
quick draw guy you knew Jim booy callway
used to be is correct them days are long
over and who am I you be don't matter I
need you to tell me about Jim boy just a
quote for a book A book about Jim
boy well [__] I can't talk to you now
look at me a knee deep in hog crap no
mind me we can talk while you
work I ain't talking and shoveling
besides young man like you could get it
done at half the time I don't know about
that what's to know you interested in
the old days you shovel this [__] I tell
you some stories you keep your hands
clean I don't give you
squat God damn it these better be some
stories oh they are pick up the fork and
get to work I'll get out of here and
stop wasting my time I'm going to do
this for you but I don't like it Jim boy
weren't nothing you know me I killed men
women and children too animals I even
killed rocks and I kill them
good I shot folks stabb folks skinned
folks I
[Music]
scalps they scream when you scalp them
hey let me work
don't know what's got into these hugs
but I know what's coming out of
them I bash folks butchered folks I burn
folks a lot buried folks aive one time I
I get it all right you're mean what
about cway you have no idea girlly by
the feminite type like you I'd probably
have chopped your head off stuffed you
and eating you like a
sausage no
doubt now it's clean enough to eat off I
guess I'm done get that Barrel to the
[__] pile and I suppose you is all right
no shter to [__] around here comes from
Hungry Hogs and no
hands hell that stinks
[Laughter]
okay I cleaned up your mask go on tell
me about Callaway I said I'd tell you
stories I didn't say they'd be about him
don't trifle with me old man you knew
him just give me something anything
you're making a book you should make it
by me they're just words is all give me
something to say and I'll leave you
alone you owe me there hey you be
careful killer like me it don't take
much to end up on the end of my knife
one time you know what I don't think you
were anything at all just a crazy old
man I am a killer
well you'd already be hog feed I hadn't
made a deal with the federals gut this
farm this is your last chance Mr Granger
give me a quote for the book hey heyy
you don't you don't hit no man at peace
don't government
witness Callaway said you was full of
piss but he didn't tell me the half of
it I'm meing to drop you girly only you
ain't worth my time I I got too much to
lose too much to lose well seeing as I
cleaned up this pig St I figure I'm in
my rights to wreck it let's see you
don't want to do that you walk away
right now well well all I wanted was a
quote you don't know who you're trifling
with that's my
stick you walk away right
now no don't get on top of
it don't do
it there you go
no no no you didn't
[Music]
know you just took yourself a regular
[__] shower Mr Granger boy that's real
nasty you earned yourself a killing and
I'm going to enjoy it now draw it's
going to be the last thing you do
[Music]
Merry Christmas [__]
up
harmonica
play no
B good
one it was a quick
where's my horse yet
come home
pal where again oh that that was what we
were
doing didn't I get this though I picked
it up
[Music]
don't
good [__] come on now boy good work
let's get to [__]
[Music]
Helltown yeah
oh okay
there okay I got
it
okay now I can do a wheel two actual
revolvers instead of the one big
one what
now we're out for
real do whe POS now I love to that's the
real strap yeah look we us these guns
for we figured it out we figured out the
technology
[Music]
Cent okay there boy
easy
[Music]
that yeah you all right there
[Applause]
boy there you go
what's all this
then easy
wo
dude oh hey you there think you could
help a lady out my horse up and died on
me twisted my ankle something fierce
think you could give me a ride yeah sure
up on oh thank you sir thank
you you know Emerald Ranch mind taking
me
there how far is that that's like what
where we need to go anyway glad I ran
into you huh I raised that horse you
know raised it since it was just a
fo oh losing a horse is hard sorry to
hear that yeah that horse did right by
me me better than my husband truth be
told that fool always complaining but
does he do something about it man barely
lifts his hand to wave the flies away
aside from to lift a drink of course
marriage for me has been nothing but
trouble but biscuit he was a fine animal
loyal smart Brave didn't take no G not
from no
one had one of them Mountain Boys pull a
gun on me once I was riding up near the
Dakota and had stopped by a nice warm
patch must have dozed off but I wake up
and find some nasty piece of work
pointing a rusty shotgun straight at me
well he gets wheezing on and I must have
made some sort of noise because the next
thing I know biscuit had nipped his ear
clean off kicked his hide too as he was
hollering away didn't think a man could
run so
fast oh yeah
yeah had a good laugh on that
one I tell the husband what does he do
should have never gone over there honey
he says gee
thanks so you live in Emerald Ranch then
for the time being I was looking for
work they was looking for some help with
the gardens if I waited any longer for
my husband to put food on the table I'd
have die to starvation
I'll be moving on soon though Emerald
Ranch well it's a strange Place how so
the owner's a mean bastard strange too
the lights in bullying folk there's a
daughter but she never leaves the house
you can see her in the window sometimes
when I asked about her everybody told me
to leave it alone found an old Saloon
there all shut down now but I went in to
have a look and there's bullet holes old
blood stains something definitely
happened there but I couldn't figure it
just an uncomfortable feeling to the
place either way it's time I left
especially now I lost that poor horse
I'll collect my belongings and be on my
way back home I guess I bet my husband's
right where I left him bottle in hand
oh we're getting close
now there
boy whoa
[Music]
easy you'll take more than that for
here we go this is
great this was kind of you mister please
take this as my way of thanking
you appreciate
it what a lousy
day horse dies what a lousy day
I wanted to punch it wait
[Music]
I just the
fny yeah this game is crazy play
okay there boy I really do love the
variety of combat options in this game
despite the fact that the combat itself
is kind of poorly
[Music]
designed but maybe that's part of the
charm question mark the combat into the
squad because it might be difficult to
aim a gun
anyway that's just
easy whoa whoa there boy
there there boy
[Music]
[__] well at least it ain't your job ah
shut up Arthur yeah your job starting
the fights you ain't winning them well
against scrap arur I'm just now good at
homework I can see besides what do you
care Englishman you've got no time for
me I tried to find your work but then
you're cutting jobs with other folks and
your boy Sean doesn't get a look in
guess I don't want to get shot that's
all you're a real [__] funny shitur
Morgan huh real [__] funny calm down
you better sleep with your eyes open y
you're going to sleep with your chest
open if you ain't careful
boy I love you ARA Morgan I love you
come on take a shot come on take your
best shot please
yeah grow
up let me come on the raid wiches raid
don't be playing K with me son it's
Unbecoming that Bloody train you and him
has set up what you're doing out here
you're going to need guns you're going
to need men oh that so Maron told you it
ain't a big show I need calmness if I
take you I might as well bring M along
now compare me to that oily Tor again
you're a dead man fair enough anyway
Arthur what's your problem with me in
fact don't tell me I already know you
are threatened by me threatened by you
yeah my youthful vigor it intimidates
you does it it's a story as old as the
hills The Changing of the Guard The
Fading of the light you're toast old man
okay and what are you I the future in
all its Glory oh well good luck good
luck and shut up I want to get some rest
before nightfall
wake up you lazy
sir what are you doing here kid I'm
coming John on the job I said you
weren't coming yeah well Arthur says I
am and it's his party boy so come on
let's go me and the big cheeses love it
can't wait to Slit some bastard's throat
you sure about this
no are we ready yeah trains due through
tonight all right then it's on Charles
I'm
ready
Gentlemen let's go earn some
money
earn called redistribute all the horses
untethered speed it up
Arthur think so you're going to wreck
the
wagon good they should follow on behind
us you find a good spot wolf man yeah
follow the the trail Southwest there's a
spot that's remote but should still give
them enough time to spot the oil wagon
they see this blocking the tracks
they'll stop soon enough apparently
picks up a new team of guards at the
state line so shouldn't be too much of
the way it guns to deal with see this is
what I mean I disappear for a couple of
weeks and you cut me out of all the
action just the action that requires a
brain ah you're a funny fell John Maron
my folks say you had your feet up the
whole time playing sick and fondling
that new scar like you're going to buy a
breakfast in the morning you don't know
what you're talking about stay close on
this wouldn't want you getting Scratch
by a squirrel or something that could
put you out of commission for the rest
of the year why do you have to speak so
much it's sessing they're left here
towards roads plus I've still got some
blood in me veins old bastards have
forgotten how to live I Blame You two
for rescuing them far too much trouble
for what we got out of it yeah takes a
whole Army of bounty hunters to bring in
Shawn Maguire and look at me now in the
gter sea back in business boys you know
my dad always used to say not not P
again fine damn you tree sulky angry
Scarface a right barrel of laughs
so we locked the tracks with the wagon
then J them that's the plan pretty much
Char you deal with the engineer John
secure the passenger car fast take
charitable donations and make sure
everyone behaves little Mr mire you
focus on the baggage car grab any
variables you can find shoot your mouth
get a bullet back so what are you doing
I'll run Point keep an eye out for out
riders in the law help you three where I
can all right for some sh you picking I
called up we'll be out in the middle of
nowhere so it'll take a while for any
word to get to the law but here's good
stop the wagon over the tracks remember
these are innocent folks we handle this
right nobody needs to die here yeah yeah
let's get it on the tracks w w
Mr
marst Mr Smith Mr
Maguire get over
there when she
slows order and you I going to make sure
she
slows let do or die with you I like it
get moving
here she
[Music]
comes this is G for a second
[Applause]
[Music]
what's going on here what's going
on nothing
good I need to get up there finish up
here and join us on board all right get
on that train
bastard all yours Captain we go on
[Music]
ahead everybody stay calm and you get
shot go everything you got money
valuable no please help you why do this
let's make this quick people come on
we ain't leaving till this bag's full
don't
have I ain't got nothing you want to
have a little chat with Romeo and Juliet
here what's the problem here please
don't help me money he do this just give
it to him Thomas please okay okay in the
bag everything you got keep it coming
don't be shy people like you make me
sick these two seem to think we're
playing games
I want God damn
it sick is better than dead lady I'm
need my goddamn patience let's just do
what he says so this can be ladies and
gentlemen this is a robbery let's make
this quick you me no you go ahead and
look for the baggage car you sure about
that why you wasting you show son of a
[__] we ain't playing around here these
everything you got money valuables we
ain't leave until this bag's full you
won't get a damn Sin from me let me hand
you over to my friend
then son of a [__] come on C it up
people don't be shy everything you got
let's
go it's a lot of money I think
something I can handle this from here
you should check on Sean
okay okay none of you folks move what is
it you all right F the Bas
care for Christ's sake you ain't even
taking a look
yet there's probably something in here
[Music]
after for [__] sake
get
[Music]
down this time can you provide the cover
try me best brother but I'm staying
double here that gives you twice a
chance of hitting
someone very
funny talk so much [__] can't do
anything
crazy they probably expected this though
lump on me head least you ain't got a
hole in it those tennis rackets in there
hush bastards keep your eyes peeled do
with me best all right I know Arthur we
got a problem there two [__] on
horses how many you say oh you just see
a pair of them in that case we're fine
I'm just trying to open the thing man
he's just just like I got to jump on it
no shut up Aron Smith get ready you may
come out the train now do you
hear we said you men come out now
there's only two of you you fools we got
a whole lot less to lose why don't the
two of you ride away that way neither
you get killed goddamn Liberties there's
a few more of them torning open man and
my big
mouth okay let's deal with
them we won't tell you again come out
now with your hands up
[Music]
doel
time Tre you see
them
down care quick we can make R for
[Music]
it look out behind us coming in on
horses son [__]
[Music]
coming my
way
close oh they're over there
too I can't in here come on boys let's
get the hell out of here
[Music]
we need to move now let's go stay with
me
[Music]
yeah he's over there put him down
you're a good
[Music]
boy
okay
wa
who that was fun boys real fun we can
see what they call you the Professionals
in the outfit shut up Lee we made some
money hey what did I get got to be $100
here very nice you weren't even invited
what now we still need a real big take
enough for us to get out of here was
that a setup law turned up real fast I
don't know I don't think so but I'm
starting to get nervous think they
followed us from Blackwater maybe they
found me already near Horseshoe but I
think this law was just locals I hope so
I'm going to head into Valentine see if
I can get something started there good
idea either way we should all go it
alone right now you know the deal don't
be followed of course not boss yeah
[Music]
stay back now
yeah
yeah you all right there boy
[Music]
easy
easy sure is a
place
Sky yes can I help you hey ah ah
God hello Chum Chum do you want to
autograph or a photograph I'm sorry
people often get nervous but there's
really no need to I I'm just just a
normal guy who well happens to be very
famous okay who are you Jeremy
Gil who the famous fisherman I've
written a lot of books I'm in the
newspaper all the time here's one from
the new Handover gazettes from a few
years back and this is a book I wrote
Huh I wrote
it good for you you really don't know
who I
am oh
well nice to meet you you too Arthur
sure you don't want a photo not right
now you know mothers they often offer me
their daughters just for a
photograph no to marry but I say no I'm
married to the fish so you're famous for
fishing very and that pays well pretty
well what I mostly do is send fans
stuffed fish stuffed fish yeah here let
me show you come with me and you're
selling these yes how many do you want
if you get three we could do a
photograph together like actual friends
no I'm fine it's it's sort of ridiculous
listen jump people love it and I could
sell even more fish if I had
them it helps them to know that out
there there's some man fighting with
Neptune on a daily basis and
winning
okay but I can't catch enough of it and
there's really good money in this fish a
little you do well in that case send
them to me of course uh not if they're
too rotten do you like that bass I'd
sell this for $50 I'd give you 15 send
you fish oo my card and a map well maybe
I
shall only the decent ones they have to
be at least 24 in in length and 10 lb in
weight no one wants to imagine Jeremy
Gill catching a tiddler there's no money
in tiddlers so I
hear the legendary fish
map the legendary fish
[Applause]
map and his name really is Jeremy Gil
yeah my my horse hates it here time to
go
boy so I have to go back here
but take a look at
this yeah you're a strong one
boy you're a strong one
boy yeah and you even know where
everything
[Music]
is easy
boy I got to Rob someone I just feel
like robbing you okay boy I need to Rob
someone maybe I'll Rob someone soono
I just feel like robbing someone right
now okay
there oh I still have that rabbit St I
see you okay
boy yes yes yes yes Fu how you doing
boy so up done before someone sees us oh
no this ain't what we asked for at all
what is this a joke you Tred to pull
crap off on us I've had enough of this
both of you get your hands up
oh
D not a word about this or will find you
and take that
tongue okay my
mistake come on
now what was all this then
H they look
rich that's good boy
you're a good boy if only there was a
master of bikes who could introduce the
wild west to the bicycle Nirvana near
that okay
boy something like some beautiful
masterful name like
Eric Sir
[Music]
Eric there
[Applause]
[Music]
boy you okay
boy he pedal good bik it's true I do
every store a bicycle n
yeah you all right there
[Music]
boy I got to put that on my sample list
for love Pony
step especially during bike Mania
easy hey there mister hey hey there
what's going on here
morning
partner how you doing oh I I've been
better morning D good morning mister all
right now break's
over
gentlemen
hi fine day to you
hey friend good morning to you
okay
so all the people in the fields are
black and the guys in the red house are
white equation in my head would it help
to kill these guys in the
barn would this be of assistance to
anyone wait could I Rob
hey mister
partner who would I ask cuz I can only
like greet
them and I don't
[Music]
see
anything here
hi there
mister hey
now they're awfully
cheery they're awfully
cheery hey partner all right now friend
hey there
[Music]
hello hey there partner howdy
friend yeah everyone's so
cheer it's interesting
uhhuh
okay that me my quality went
down now they're not kicking up a fuss
with me being here
either personally
is that carrots
jinang jinang Jin
sing morning okay bat of game you got
there I didn't come out to kill an
elephant anyway how how's it going with
you
anyhow okay well all the best now see
you what's going on with you
anyhow let's go
boy I feel like this is like the easiest
way to describe talking to like
neurotypical person
and it makes sense to
them and then they get mad at you and
you don't understand what the [__] just
[Music]
happened social hierarchy is real
doesn't matter if you can't observe it
or
Testa laugh
now why do I have a bounty of 50 here
what did I I haven't even been here
before this is my first time here they
don't
care
Ro you all right
boy howy good morning to
you howdy morning
friend hi
mister then worse
back work a whole new
[Music]
crew I have a harmonica
yeah oh it's playing the the jaw harp
and slow motion do you hear it
what were we over here for again
oh we're in the right
place post
office there's a store and his paper
gunmi there's a
butcher SL too
early easy there didn't mean nothing but
oh I guess we're going in
there would they get mad if I start
stepping all over like the the plants
like the grass
part the pay is almost double out east
now damn you don't
say
welcome hey you there a quick word what
can I do for you sir there's an old
Gunslinger I'm looking for I heard he
comes through here name a midnight Billy
oh that old soak yeah he spends days on
board these trains but he's going
nowhere but the gutter I imagine you'll
find him right in the next one through
here either that or the next one try
them both look in the bar
car hello
h
Mr
midnight excuse me I'm trying to
drink Mr midnight listen this won't take
a moment I just want to talk with you
about your old days as a shoest
get away from me hey I didn't shoot him
in his sleep no one saying I didn't
shoot him in his sleep and if I did it
was the only way not a problem I'm here
about Jim boy Callaway and no one shot
him yet I knew you come for me get away
from me Mr midnight
I knew you come but you ain't get me you
ain't I knew you come for me it was my
fault I do you don't know nothing Mr
midnight I want to
talk don't do something
foolish he come for
me get on
[Music]
oh
okay I thought it was going to draw it
it says to like hold
down oh he's fast oh he's fast oh he's
fast oh he's fast okay go I better go
all in
oh
relax
F hello bro
come on
pal me when I drink my
beans ah I'm sorry
boy the Red Dirt
you think all this L Mo air is breeed
for
you don't want any trouble just passing
through you look like you might need a
few smacks to set you
straight oh rarely be smart and keep
okay I'm
gay you uh fall off your horse
something hey hey
Master got you a little something to eat
huh
par come on move already I didn't do
anything howdy Fellers hello mister
hello too bad
F saw my brother die I saw my friends
die I saw my
leg trying to make it through another
day will you give me some money
mhm here is dollar sure
well thank you say say where you from
around a from right here how was you I'd
leave this town lost his godamn soul
long time ago nothing but nasty
miserable people yeah yeah ever since
them them Grays moved here A bunch of no
good white trash and they somehow got
rich about 50 years ago they moved here
caused a whole heap of trouble reckon
they was reck they was was Yankee spies
during the war and everything that's so
sure ain't no surprising me no
more good day to
you hello sir new in town don't miss the
tobacco just behind the door
there oh that's the whole
range do you have chicken nuggets
sold done
got what I
need door I won't go in the
door Arthur was
shaking Arthur was
shaking Train Robbery who are the
Scarlet Meadows bank robbers I don't
know don't worry about
it oh
a bank you
say how do you do I
don't hey mister how do you do I don't
Mister hey
there nice place for out
here I'll probably be
back partner good hello there get a move
on will
you what is that ah camping B strange
sort of game to
play
I so what then what are we doing saw the
guy do I go back to the post
to I am hungry but in real life not in
video game
sorry yet so
raining well quite the price tag on
little old you
CAU the help talking about that boy you
got killed fwell seems to have them All
Shook Up that comes with no surprise
well must have da see you
soon hold your horses won't be
long my horse is already held
my poor
horse that's my boy that's my
boy now it's
sunny with a Chance in fact
oh my God
okay
so traffic just go
back I could take the train there I
think instead of running all the way out
there
I'll have them email my horse to the
nearest
place ah something
else okay safe
travels okay
[Music]
ECR plays
people just be leaving their bags
here I SAR
the I heard
someone property clear
out
what what what did I
just did I Rob someone
[Music]
why is it why is it like giving me the
tutorial on how to rob someone right
now it's like giving me five paragraph
of how to do robberies right now for no
reason
[Music]
it's genuinely giving me a detailed
robbery tutorial right
now hey
intrusive thoughts tool tips they're not
really intrusive they're more like
everything to me right now but you
know so feeling better how's the scar I
heal pretty fast lucky
you so you just lazing about and you got
any leads
I got
something you see them sure well you see
yourself as a Shepherd
now maybe come
on well where exactly we
going collect something help us get some
sheep you know that attempt to seem all
enigmatic and interesting that might
work for Dutch but for you just makes
you look
stupid come
along let's see that train job was a
start but we need more money until we
can get back to Blackwater and collect
I'm here to tell you we try to collect
that money anytime soon it'll come with
the Noose I was worried you'd say that
Dutch says that way Dutch says a lot
that's just gift saying things oh yeah
what do you mean by that I was surprised
Pony once now I'm the Workhorse listen
dutches but
but well you was at that thing in
Blackwater we already seen Pinkerton
here new censu is coming this life this
way well we're the last I reckon and we
ain't long for it and that's the way it
goes I guess for me
yes all right so where are we going just
need to pick up something
there's a Hitching Post over there
tether the horse and I'll meet you
across the
street I already don't like how this is
G we need to stop causing trouble in
this town I come here very often gun
store yep
can you uh head in pick up a sniper
rifle I'll explain later don't you we
yourself out
now oh well hello again how can I help
you today looking for a
rifle something with a sight on it
shouldn't be a problem you want to see
what we've got it's all in the catalog
here for
you good sure let's go
[Music]
why couldn't you have done that done
what bought that gun ah I had a run in
with that fell earlier we ain't on the
best of terms you had a run in I've had
a run in with half that town calm down
it's done now ain't it why are you being
so Cy about all this always playing some
goddamn game me I ain't the one taking
Jack on fishing trips no you ain't if
you say the boy ain't yours what's the
difference you probably only run off
again why are you so interested in my
life ain't you got one of your
own just do one thing or another not be
two people at once that's all I'm saying
it ain't that simple you know that as
well as anyone same as with you and that
girl what was her name Mary that was
different no it ain't just the same
anyway for the love of God will you tell
me what you got me doing here before I
turn around and hit the breeze there's a
her of sheep coming down to auction from
Emerald Ranch fing town were saying the
owner's trying to stamp out every Farm
from here to
ansburg yeah I know that place
[Music]
easy
boy let's head up to the ridge up there
get a proper view
[Music]
this way
Arthur so I'm thinking that the herd
will make it to auction all right but a
couple of new ran hands will be
collecting on the
sale doubt the town will care to notice
too much why we need this rifle you
couldn't buy yourself reckon we
shouldn't get too close at least not
till we know what we're dealing
with let's see what we can see from up
here okay I think that's them over there
so what now put a shot in near them I
reckon they'll High tail they're only
Ranch hands just watch the
Sheep looks like one of them don't scare
too easy put another shot in close he'll
get the message
yep that spooked them all
right all right let's go round him
up come on now boy let's go get the
Strays you ever work on a ranch Mar no
you a day here there but not
much those cowboys I know are dumb as
trees how hard could it be I guess we'll
soon find out let's get these things
bring them back to the
yards just to hit the dirt I mean maybe
not to accidentally shoot them for
real there's a non zero chance of that
they're pretty scattered let's get them
all rounded up
yeah easy wo
okay there boy all right I think we got
them all let's head for town you know
what Mar why don't you leave the Sheep
to me you ride shank keep watch for any
trouble I brought you in on this it'll
be quicker this way trust me this ain't
the right time for you to be learning
how to
hurt all right whatever you say I'm done
arguing
good that's
it oh
round up the stragglers quick route back
to Valentine is right around that
mountain okay like I said I'll handle
this Christ you're
annoying
moveing you're a good boy
move it up
there you
go how you doing
boy you okay boy
[Music]
over for I don't know that
sucks look out we're losing
some hey don't stomp all over
them go
go called the
weake in this world of killing be
killed
yeah close her up boys he you
go fine sheep they're okay well you seem
better around here I've seen ones with
less ambiguity about their Providence a
lot less what are you trying to say I'm
trying to say you give me 25% Kickback
and I won't say nothing to nobody
everything all right here excuse me sure
I'll excuse you for 25% do you want me
to put another hole in your head folks
swing for rustling livestock 25% 15 20
done calm yourself friend just think of
it as a buying your sins you're buying
we're paying go on
now
damn come back after the auction you'll
get your
money Dutch is waiting for us at the
saloon he
is that's
a I haven't seen him outside C in a
while I thought we was doing the robin
here still good money
well thanks for all the help with
this can't H can't swim give it a rest
will you we ain't kids no more well we
never really was
Bo come on Sunshine I'll buy you a
whiskey
boy not everything but in the end I
don't believe in Abol just shades of
gray compromis us compromis it well I
have never been a man for compromise
gentlemen that's B Bo Where Have You
Been Working maron's thing good and
we're just waiting to get some pay on a
few sheep Leupold my good friend as long
as you're here why don't you and John go
make sure there ain't no funny business
of course gentlemen drink sure
nothing like talking to Old Strauss to
make you want to blow your own brains
out I should have left him where I found
him all those years ago bookish little
Austrian fresh off the boat his eyes out
on stalks well I guess the Dutch
vanderin finishing school has some
strange graduates that it
does to your good health thank
you vanderland
get out here get out of here
now
mandalin you don't know me but you keep
robbing
me my name is Leviticus Cornwall oh I am
not a man to be messed with by the likes
of
you get out here before I have these men
killed what do you think get out here
you a brave piece of trash you start
spinning the
yarn when I think the moment's right
I'll make think I got where I am by
letting Sky Block you rob from me
vanderland you're
done now get out of here
now deal with this
[Music]
nonsense please gentlemen this is a
terrible mistake
this is a case of mistaken
identity what is worse than admonishing
a man for the sins of another who wants
to be the Messiah not me nor do I want
to
[Music]
be we're coming in
you Dr the weapons are your all SK
[Music]
[Applause]
it's all right they got nowhere to
[Music]
go let's move
up skeleton
shoot
the let's go come on there you going
that's right at them we don't Mr you got
no way
out push the wagon AR shoot some on I'm
[Music]
trying as we push Arthur you can use it
as what are you doing
[Music]
Arthur what are we
doing get out of here
[Music]
you're getting
awake why don't you run now while you
still
[Music]
can it's just a scratch shut up you can
talk we all heard you ly about a little
Nick from would you shut up and kill
these bastards
get out of your oh you want to come at
me I
miss you're on the front line now
[Music]
Mr
sorry I'm right here you sons of [__]
a dead man H up that's our horses over
there come on grab
stra don't leave me
here arur we leave No Man Behind go get
St please you can't leave me like
[Music]
this oh
not
[Music]
fine never
again now's our chance come on put stous
on the back of John's horse and let's
get out of
[Music]
here hurry up Arthur let's get get out
of
here you make sure nobody's following us
we'll get back to Camp we're going to
gather the troops and get them to start
packing up sure we can't stick around
after this let's
[Music]
go all right I better get out of
here someone Dr that
[Music]
bastard all right let's take him out hey
boy cross the allall now you see
where oh
please yeah you all right there boy
[Music]
there
boy here you're a good
[Music]
boy easy
boy
yeah easy boy
[Music]
good
boy
okay oh just a bounty of
$60 that's not a big deal
[Music]
what are they kicking up a stink about
well out there there he
is we keep heading east is that the plan
now and when do we stop when we reach
Paris well that'll be nice join the
commune we stop when we find some place
sensible shake them that's following us
and lie low this is lying low turned
into a bunch of killers I mean it we
ain't even got the delusion into being
anything but a bunch of killers we are
just trying to survive
Hosea we don't have a choice so we
moving yeah this will end soon damn
right it will constipated as usual Micah
told me of a place we can lie low look
here Dewberry Creek he said okay maybe
you and Charles can go take a look clear
off anyone you find before the whole lot
of us move in looking so conspicuous and
how we going to do that I don't know
start dancing looks like I turned into
the goddamn arand boy you have turned
into my son you worry because I worry we
are just the
same hey Charles come on I need you for
something sure just can
wait freak like yes just like
I have to get this way point off
there good
[Music]
Bo mob
boy so where are we going find a new
spot to camp we're packing up and moving
on again we have to fast we'd already
pushed our luck too far before that mess
we just made in Valentine ah that didn't
sound good careful H killed a lot of law
killed a lot of corn walls man they must
know where we are by
[Music]
now there it is
so we're heading south
yeah area called duberry Creek Dutch
wants us to give it a look make sure
it's clear and a good place to
like hello for a while I'm only known
him a few months
but the way he talks
I never thought I'd see him wanting to
head south right and I know by now there
ain't no lying low there's too many of
us for that and there ain't no way Dutch
is going to just hide away in a cave
somewhere goes against everything he
stands for that'll be admitting we're
nothing more than low down criminals
which we are you don't have to tell me
[Music]
a
so where does it end where does what end
the moving the running Dutch don't see
it is running call it what you want I
don't know before put enough time and
distance between you and the problem
eventually it went away this this is a
big country but
now with these
pinkertons better paid bounty
hunters I ain't so
sure maybe the price on our heads got
too big yeah they've certainly got money
behind them they've got cornwall's money
behind them for one which guarantees
even more trouble
easy he is riding so close up on me
constantly give me
alert give me some
[Music]
space okay there
boy I think that must be it up ahead
your old dried it up creep seems very
open
yeah it does ain't sure to be the best
in the rain neither well let's take a
look
[Music]
around hey I see something over there
you see it someone on the ground there
he''s been shot let's be careful
Arthur there's a camp just up ahead
sure let's get ready for business any
issues shoot first
I'm not going to shoot for the sake of
it survival's for the sake of it quit
talking all right Charles let's go take
a look
look here it is few tants but place
looks empty let's have a look around and
make
[Music]
sure where is
everybody maybe they heard us coming be
careful I am being careful
someone's been here
sure someone's still here there ain't no
one here now I ain't so sure about
[Music]
that hello
[Applause]
[Music]
it's okay it's
okay come out of
there you okay
you don't mean no
harm oh thank you oh thank you oh thank
you oh thank you that was really nice of
[Music]
you he sh are you
okay
German no now go on get out of here go
we need the land
go get the hell out of here they took
Offa who did Men last night where where
did they take them ain't no business of
ours I don't even speak their language
you ain't as tough and dense as all that
come on Arthur
the girl was pointing this way let's see
if we can pick up a
trail I see a trail just ahead yep
that's
it come on let's
go what's going on with you what do you
mean you were just going to send that
woman and her children on their way
we're wanted man we got Pinkerton
braiding down our necks we should be
moving Camp not running off on some wild
goose chase come on Arthur that's not
how you are well maybe you don't know me
as well as you think you
do I think this is the right way give me
a second
[Music]
looks like they cut off down the trail
to the left you're right okay come on so
what happened with those pinkertons
anyway when you were fishing with Jack
said they were on to us offered me
Freedom if I turned Dutch in they picked
the wrong man there we should have moved
right then if you asked
me hold up let me check this
[Music]
oh look they go along the shore there I
see them so back to what you were saying
bastards told me they killed Mac said it
right in front of
Jack that kid it's going to be tough for
him yeah but he has more folks looking
out for him than most of the rest of us
had growing
[Music]
up John said he was going back to the
auction yard to collect the money for
those sheep he'd be a damn idiot going
anywhere near that town right now H he
reckoned he'd be able to slip in and out
oh well if it's John's idea it must be a
good one what is it with you and him uh
he disappeared on us for a while when
Jack was real young a long while year
you did and we
was family you know wait a second just
want to look closer
here oh that's a lot of
CS ah they continue on that trail ahead
of us good eyes Arthur let's keep on
them now I will
save that's a lot of track you still
ain't fully forgiving him for
[Music]
that there's a camp up ahead be careful
seems deserted let's take a
look I don't even know where we
are
easy so where is this guy my I don't
maybe right there but you know something
this is a better Camp spot than back
there much easier to
defend
[Music]
maybe there he is
take
cover I see three coming this way you
get
that away from
him why the
hell drag us into this
Charles he ain't getting freed that all
of them doesn't look like
it
[Music]
look who Do You Think You Are
well that's them dealt with you get him
untied and I'll see what they've Left
Behind for
us hey it's okay getting you out of
here yeah okay here you are there a
second Charles go find Dutch get the
Caravan to divert here this spot should
work for us I agree
[Music]
all right come on I'll take you back to
your family
[Music]
you okay
boy what bring the hell did you do to
those fellas VI those men back there why
did they take you gu
[Music]
money how did someone even come up with
them
words
look I'm sorry friend I can barely speak
[Music]
English you're a good boy
there
boy r the right way
right yeah
there
boy that's my
[Music]
boy yeah
easy boy
[Music]
yeah that's you
boy shout out new man's guy easy
[Music]
there they are them
DK
[Music]
sh
Li on now get out of here this place
ain't safe get out of
here uh
um thank
you
big guess it was a
pleasure he's he's not so bad about that
anymore is he
that's that's got to be
something back in uh whatever time
period this
1800s turn turn The you were right oh
this place oh it'll be perfect for us
hello Arthur
DCH Miss Grimshaw Mr Pearson put
everyone to work make this place a home
well I don't know where the hell we are
but we are going to make the best of it
[Music]
I'll just pay that Bounty it's not a big
deal
Place how you doing old
friend fine it's funny pussing and up
down here my daddy died in the field in
Pennsylvania fighting this lot I ever
tell you that many times I see I'm
boring you Arthur worrying me we lost
men back there we have lofty goals
Arthur we're trying to reform Society to
a Kinder truer better way now of course
there's going to be
casualties we're thieves in a world that
don't want us no more we are dreamers in
an Ever duller world of facts now I'll
give you that but come
on we got the
day it's nice out
old josea says that there's a trick
around here I reckon it's full of
fit damn I missed the old spot already
but the the the
water bit
sity trailing mission number 25
hey old girl come on down here why don't
you to show us this cck you've been
pissing in hey you don't look too Rosy
old friend I thought this warmer weather
would my days are looking good Al long
over
dut always green crushing and bubble
bursting you come on Hosea let's go fish
come on then what
you okay with this spot for now Mr
Maguire Why Don't We Just Fish here get
a move move on
Arthur what are you riding off for I'm
not so anyway why don't we just fish
here there's a whole lake of them
because I need to get out for a bit me
and the Old Guard before any of them
back there there was us a curious couple
and their unruly son it feels good here
you did well well find in that spot
Arthur more Charles than me it's like I
can breathe again thick and soupy as
this hair is might even do your
whistling pipes some good Hosea I was
once in this country with
Bessie feels like a lifetime ago it was
a lifetime ago but what a life we have
lived how well we have fought especially
both of you I hope so but now things are
desperate we have to stick with the plan
make enough money then find somewhere
where nobody will find us but we don't
have to hide H like where I got some
ideas hatching but I need you with me
not against me both of you of course
still we do need money so keep a low
profile especially in the local town
after Valentine I want everyone on best
behavior here no
trouble but start turning over the soil
and the Rocks see what turns up Dutch
we've got to be discreet imagine what a
slew of Rich simplon there must be down
here this is perfect for you Hosea
you'll be able to play them like a
fiddle nothing would give me greater
pleasure but no buts not today we fish
and we enjoy the
day looks like law up ahead play it
cool
whoa hello
gentlemen well look what the cat drug in
I seem to have gotten myself in a spot
to bother quiet back there let's see if
we can't sort this
out well well look who it
is how are you boys fine this is quite
some country you have here we like it
well
enough hogy McIntosh At Your Service Lee
great this is my Deputy archal McGregor
it's good to meet you you a Scott
partly the best
part of course now tell me sir what did
the silly fancy fop back there do
nothing too terrible I trust he was
accused of running a gold M and
investment scam oh no no no no I'm sure
he wasn't he is a magician I know him
he's a fool but he is not a bad fell now
can
we can we just I wouldn't do that if I
will you I [__] I the Anderson boys I
can't have more
Scandal well allow us to help my friend
Arthur Chase wanted man and and take
archal with you just what I signed up
for come on big guy perhaps we can
discuss the foolish magician stay with
that train don't let them get away keep
your guns holstered we need them
Anderson Boys Alive H me up DAV come on
hurry all right come on we're losing
them will you relax we're not losing
them Faster come on what's your name Sir
Arthur Arthur Callahan faster Mr
Callahan please my neck is on the line
here I get it I'm doing my best so what
are these Fells wanted for looks like
the son of a bitch's going to make you
sure I can't just shoot him no did I not
say that you said
ready what are you waitting for I'm out
here
wooo oh that must have hurt leave him
stay with that train the train is
slowing down to go through the station
now's our chance see if you can get
alongside the
train stick to the side of the train get
alongside that flat Carriage you think
think you can jump on there me why me
because you ride like my grandmother you
are something else now he's throwing
bottles C bastard I didn't do
nothing got
now get
off no on don't lose him where you going
to run to
come on [__]
bag run don't let them get
away
bastard damn blastard get the hell away
from me
going to be
[Music]
dead
oh thank
[Music]
you that was really
nice being called the cop is a huge
insult especially for Arthur Morgan
too where you going to run to
go get after
[Music]
them come on chit
bag
bastard damn bastard get the hell away
from me
don't fall off go on don't lose him they
only making it
worse excuse me coming through I'm
coming for you next I'm going to ride
ahead and stop the train it's just us
then law man come here you ain't need to
bother let me go can't do that
I try at least behind my
back I'm right out here if you
need do
[Music]
it take it in all
right please hit
me come on come on
not kill
him am I turn the wrong button
for is this swear I was
blocking I'm coming for you next I'm
going to ride ahead and stop the TR your
sister inlaw man come here let me just
make sure that
[Music]
like no
so
slowly I know I'm quiet compared to the
rest of the
game why does it have to move so
slowly okay well it's not Toby had a
block I swear to God I'm pressing the
right button need to bother let me go
can't do
that try at
least just don't
[Music]
kill are you
sure need some J come on I'm right out
here if you need
me thank
[Music]
you do him and we'll take him in all
right come on come
on this
[Music]
time I don't do that hello is everything
all right in there
well I don't think he's dead I think I
won the
fight just
about bring him out
here ifut need sounded like quite a
commotion is that him I sincerely hope
so old Anders Anders son for what now
take him in come
on a fine job well done and a pat on the
back for me for stopping the train load
Anders onto the back of your horse there
and we'll take him to sheriff
gray there you go you are a natural all
right let's take him in follow me what
about the others oh we'll round them up
Anders back there is the brain to the
operation and that's really saying
something you're the boss that was
mighty impressive sir I have to admit
I'd Hazard a guess you've served the law
yourself at some
point oh why is he saying that don't say
that well I wouldn't exactly say that
are you familiar with the area here no
not really on your right here these Tob
backa Fields this is part of caliga Hall
big estate belonging to the gray family
looks bone dry yes we are in dire need
of some rain round here let me tell you
the Grays have lived in caliga hall for
Generations fine people my family's been
working for them for years Sheriff gray
is the one I know best of course but
they own half the businesses in town
which town roads sir you don't know it
where we're headed right now ain't what
it was before the war but it has its
charms I'm sure you already know of the
braith weight
like I said just got down here another
big family in these parts they have an
estate west of here awful people truly
awful they've been fighting with the
grays for as long as I can remember
sounds like quite the place you got
here we're going to Bear left here
thought I'd
[Music]
just sounds like rich white people
arguing with each
other here we are welcome to
roads up there on your left is the roads
Parlor House very reputable Saloon owned
by the graay family we also have a
general store gunsmith post office train
station of course what more do you need
very little oh good they're back and
that's your friend right yep okay we're
going to stop just ahead on the right
outside the Sheriff's Office can you
grab Anders off your horse and carry him
in for me hey
fellas sooner you get them off your
horse sooner we can get him in a sale
bring him in so so we can show Sheriff
gray Mr Gray we got him ter good I told
you Arthur would deliver man has a
passion for justice that's wonderful so
uh about my friend here your idiot
friend is free to go but no more trouble
from you partner I promise you this was
all just a big
misunderstanding however I want to thank
you from the bottom of my heart I'll
pretend to appreciate that Mr McIntosh
it has been a real pleasure the mostly
good citizens of Roads we welcome you
well we're just honored to be here and
make your friend behave we got enough
trouble from some of the residents
oldtimers who've gone sadly to seed and
lost their dignity how terrible come
along now I will keep this fellow on the
straight and narrow well come back and
see you sometime soon excuse me
gentlemen Bo he's better be ugly
rumoring is it true you were seen
talking to that wretched Penelope brai
weight I can't thank you enough where
have you been around and where you stay
I'm renting a caravan on the edge of
town behind the church it's horrible but
no one comes looking the whole town is
trapped in this interminable feud
between the two families his lot Grays
and braith weights interes Two Old
Plantation houses and falling out of the
Rebel gold and marrying cousins or not
marrying Arthur Jose you start poking
around see what you can find out about
that I have missed you boys I've heard
about Bounty there's been a price on my
head for 13 years it'll take a months to
find us down here and it seems like we
can have a little sport well they're
good bounties where you hear this some
fellas I met at a camp near the state
line said there was talk of it in bars
in the north and west for 500 miles
there was talk of super agents or some
super
agents I'd love to meet one it's just
talk I'm sure it is but I couldn't not
tell you stay out of trouble thank you
gentlemen okay so these two Plantation
families Arthur you start sniffing
around the graay place see what the
story is there yeah I passed by it
earlier with our friend archal good
Hosea you see what you can find out
about these brai weights all
right thank you arth
there quite a fishing trim there's still
time I'm up for it how about you Arthur
or have you had enough of the chase for
one
day H I'll need to relax someplace
fair enough it looks like it's you and
me old
man that was that was a an
advantage okay
that's been like what been at this for
like 6 hours 7 hours something like
that
here did do the fishing
Quest I I'm a little tired of being
around
[Music]
okay let's
uh
do no web fishing
hopefully the boys will say I hope they
do none of them have
uh
wait none of them have dead dead eye
so who's the real winner
that was
game thanks for coming to my uh thanks
for coming to my magic show everyone let
me know what your favorite magic trick
was in the description of the comments
of the replies of the
description so
um so uh thank you